so it's been seven years since Yamaha
took the clunk out of shifting its
outwards into gear with the introduction
of its shift dampener system propeller
home now FPS put a rubber cushion inside
the hub to absorb that shock and secured
it with a special stainless steel washer
now Yamaha has introduced a new and
improved SPS system that can bolt onto
any Yamaha outboard without any extra
parts let's take one apart and see how
it works
the original Yamaha SBS had a number of
external parts which have now been
replaced by the single hub and has some
softer material here to absorb shock and
actually allows the propeller to twist a
little bit until it engages with these
rubber covered bronze plug the Yamaha
SBS propellers are now available for all
of its motors from 50 to 350 horsepower
you can read more about FD s on boats
calm
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters